.I 1
operating system for IBM computers?
.I 2
 I am interested in articles written either by Prieve or Udo Pooch
prieve, b.
pooch, u.
.I 3
 Intermediate languages used in construction of multi-targeted compilers; TCOLL
.I 4
 I'm interested in mechanisms for communicating between disjoint processes,
possibly, but not exclusively, in a distributed environment.  I would
rather see descriptions of complete mechanisms, with or without implementations,
as opposed to theoretical work on the abstract problem.  remote procedure
calls and message-passing are examples of my interests.
.I 5
 I'd like papers on design and implementation of editing interfaces,
window-managers, command interpreters, etc.  the essential issues are
human interface design, with views on improvements to user efficiency,
effectiveness and satisfaction.
.I 6
 Interested in articles on robotics, motion planning particularly the
dynamics of arm motion.
.I 7
 I am interested in distributed algorithms - concurrent programs in
which processes communicate and synchronize by using message passing.
areas of particular interest include fault-tolerance and techniques
for understanding the correctness of these algorithms.
.I 8
network operating systems
.I 9
 security considerations in local networks, network operating systems,
and distributed systems.
.I 14
 find all discussions of optimal implementations of sort algorithms for
database management applications
.I 15
 find all discussions of horizontal microcode optimization with special
emphasis on optimization of loops and global optimization.
.I 16
 find all descriptions of file handling in operating systems based on
multiple processes and message passing.
.I 19
 parallel algorithms
.I 20
 graph theoretic algorithms applicable to sparse matrices
.I 22
 I am interested in hidden-line and hidden-surface algorithms for
cylinders, toroids, spheres, and cones.  this is a rather specialized
topic in computer graphics.
.I 28
algorithms for packet routing, and for dealing with changes in
network topography.  I am not interested in the hardware used in the
network.
.I 37
(e.g. what is the type of a process?  when is a synchronization attempt 
between two processes "type correct"?  in a message-passing system is there
any notion of the types of messages?--i.e. any way to check that the sender
of the message and the receiver are both treating the bit stream as some
particular type)
.I 38
Abstract Data Types here, but I'm not sure how to phrase this to avoid it.
i'm interested in questions about how one can check that a module "matches"
contexts in which it is used.)
.I 39
defined types?  (you might want to restrict this to "extensible" languages
that allow definition of abstract data types or programmer-supplied
definitions of operators like *, +.)
.I 40
 list all articles dealing with data types in the following languages:
that are referenced frequently in papers on the above languages (e.g. catch
any languages with interesting type structures that I might have missed).
.I 42
 computer performance evaluation techniques using pattern recognition
and clustering.
.I 43
descriptions, shape recognition by computer.  two-dimensional shapes.
measures of circularity.  shape matching.
.I 44
 texture analysis by computer.	digitized texture analysis.  texture
synthesis. perception of texture.
.I 45
 the use of operations research models to optimize information system
performance.  this includes fine tuning decisions such as secondary index
selection, file reorganization, and distributed databases.
.I 48
 the use of computer science principles (e.g. data structures, 
numerical methods) in generating optimization (e.g. linear programming)
algorithms.  this includes issues of the khachian (russian, ellipsoidal)
algorithm and complexity of such algorithms.
.I 49
 the role of information retrieval in knowledge based systems
(i.e., expert systems).
.I 57
.I 58
.I 59
 dictionary construction and accessing methods for fast retrieval
of words or lexical items or morphologically related information.
hashing or indexing methods are usually applied to english spelling or
natural language problems.
.I 60
 hardware and software relating to database management systems.
database packages, back end computers, special associative hardware
.I 61
 Information retrieval articles by Gerard Salton or others about clustering,
bibliographic coupling, use of citations or co-citations, the vector
space model, boolean search methods using inverted files, feedback, etc.
salton, g.
.I 62
uniform circuits).
.I 63
between parallel and sequential algorithms.
.I 64
 List all articles on EL1 and ECL (EL1 may be given as EL/1; I don't
remember how they did it.
